-----------------------------
INTO THE MULTIVERSE PART 4
-----------------------------


This is the first draft of the already available published design of part 4
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You and Rusty are in an elevator, you delve deeper into the facility to an abandoned observation terminal. Outside the window to see a tunnel.
This Terminal has doors stemming off both sides. However both of them are locked. You are unable to open them yourself. You do notice a railing.
The kind used by personality spheres. You see that there is a dismantled core on a desk and a core socket hanging from the railing.
You grab Rusty and slap is metal assets to the rig. With a shock of electricity, Rusty gains control of the railing system and all its perks.
Rusty opens up the core door and totally bails, leaving you for dead...

Just kidding, they come back and unlock the door. You walk ontop a platform of walkways suspended over a river of deadly acid towards a station.
Rusty notices before you do that there is a test chamber on the railing that is blocking your pathway up ahead. Rus heads inside the station.
You make your own way to the station. (Easter egg note) Passing the station, you see another Terminal you cannot reach due to a broken walkway.
Adjecent to it is a Test Chamber shaft with white walls and a door. The door is locked, but you can see a broken window to the Terminal.
Inside the terminal is a pure mess, garbage everywhere, Paint scrawlings on the walls, and the distant voice of Ratman rambling in the back.
You look up to see a companion cube trapped INSIDE the elevators vent system. Using the grav gun you can force it to fall down the shaft.

You return to the station to find Rusty waiting for you. He unlocks the door for you and lets you in. The room in ominously dark. Too dark.
Rusty activates a flashlight in his chasis and lights your path. Another office. This place loves its offices. You walk around the dusty room.
You suddenly hear a loud noise! Rusty shines his light to the door..... Nothing....

You find an elevator blocked off by desks. What were they hidding here? You portal past the desks and access the elevator. Rusty cannot follow.
You head down to the lower level. More darkness. Something on the ground catches your eye. A flashlight and... BLOOD??! You are very uneasy now.
Lighting up the flashlight you look around. One locked room contains all sorts of maintainance tools including saws, screwdrivers, shovels,
crowbars, axes, etcetera. The next room is filled to the brim with computers. While moving around you hear a stack of boxes collapse.
You feel as though your heart is in your mouth. You do not want to be here at ALL! You find a break room and kitchen and another office.
boxes of paperwork litter the floors and so does mountains of dust. How long has this place been left untouched? The last room is a museum.
Computer towers and posters from each generation of Aperture line the walls, detailing the years of the companys success... sort of...
At the end of the room is a closet with a fusebox whose lever was disconnected. You flip the switch and hear the hum of the generator buzzing.
The room fills with flickering light. You turn around and for one fraction of a second, you see her! standing in the museum.
Before your eyes can adjust you see an axe whizz past your face, just barely grazing your face and embedding itself into the wall.
You turn back to see that the figure is gone.... WHAT IN THE HELL?!

Your heart is racing, Your skin is covered in goosebumps. Who was that? Why did they throw a damn axe at you? All questions for later.
Returning the way you came you reach the elevator. But she beats you to it and takes it back to the next level. You overhear Rusty freaking out.
Weapons fire can be hear upstairs. Something is very very wrong. You look around and notice the maintanance closet has been forced open.
You can see that the axe is missing from the tool case. You also notice a disc on the bloodied floor. Grabbing it, you run to the computer room.
There rests a Disc player awaiting you to pop it in. Once in, the computers power up and a big screen tv shows the test chamber tunnel above.
The power lasts long enough to make the chamber grind painfully down the railings. A pre-recorded message regarding the apocolypse covers it.
A light powers on in the background showing another chamber docking station that you couldn't see because the chamber was blocking it.
You suddenly hear the elevator bell ring. It's time to leave this place.

Once returning to the elevator you notice a pool of blood on the floor. Looks like Rusty made quick work of that mystery woman... You Hope.
Upstairs you see the lights are on again, and the desk has been knocked over. Droplets of blood trail across the floor to the exit.
On your way out you overhear Rusty calling to you on your left. He needs to follow the rail, but you cannot go with him as that path is blocked.
You head your own way to the other test shaft and portal onto it. This door is locked too, But now you can see into the chamber on the rails.
inside is a portal surface for you to get inside.

Inside the chamber is the first real Portivity Test. There is lasers, bridges, cubes, fizzlers, funnels and one orange turret.
This test seemms easy, but only if you know how to use gravity. First you use the grav gun to pull to cubes out of a cage,
then placing one on the button facing the stairs, another on the stairs facing the laser catcher, reversing the funneler.
One more cube must go into the button facing upwards. The 45 degree platform makes short work of this. The cube slides in facing upwards,
deflecting the laser straight up. The last cube you launch up into the air facing towards the last laser catcher.
The funnel catches the cube and rests it against the wall. The cube deflects the laser in the catcher and the fizzler tube drops.
At the center of the fizzler tube is a portal surface on the floor and a button on the ceiling. All that is left is to place the portals
onto the targets and watch the cube rise into the sky and activate the door and bridge for your exit.

On your way out you see the shaft gets dark ahead. You raise your flashlight to reveal that the shaft was compromised by a huge broken pipe.
The entire area is bathed in darkness. Muddying around you struggle to find a way around until you manage to find metal bars and truss's.
You shimmy onto the giant rusted pipe and worm your way up. Suddenly a Loud thundering movement makes the earth shake. What was THAT?!?
Whatever it was, it must have been what collapsed this pipe. At the top you crawl across a platform where you find an open ventilation shaft.
Once in you are quick to notice something unsettling. The blood droplets. You don't know for certain, but you feel that she is in here.
Ahead of you is a divide. One vent goes straight down, one goes across. (Easter egg note) if you click on the vent panel, it closes.
You can walk over the closed vent and crawl around the corner. At the end of the passage is a pile of bloodied skulls and scrawlings.
If you turn around, you see chell! The vent collapses beneath you and you fall into a ventilation control chamber.

This chamber has a massive set of powerful fans. They can blow heavy objects around, but touching the blades is a deadly fate.
Two electrical outlets control dual gates that covers the fan control unit. One is easy enough to turn off, the other requires extra footing.
Lucky there are boxes in the room to help you. After getting the doors open, all that's left is turning off the giant fans. But theres a timer.
You quickly jump down the shaft before the time runs out. After falling what feels like a hundred stories, you land on a wooden platform.
The area is dark and dingy but you can see the shaft has an opening and on the concrete fall is a hole. Peering in you see gasoline cannisters.
One yank from the grav gun and the wall comes smashing down. You find yourself in a different access tunnel. The area is coordened off.
Big posters and labels tell this place has been shut down. You look up onto the wall to see a big sign. LAMBDA LABS! Materials Research!
All that is known about this division is that the materials they were working on possessed interdimensional properties. That's your ticket home.
You break past the blockade with ease thanks to the grav gun and the breakable wooden boxes. You open the Gates and press forward.

END OF PART 3

---------------------------------------------------
BELOW ARE A LIST OF BUGS THAT HAVE YET TO BE FIXED
---------------------------------------------------

-Bug 1 certain brush objects such as the axe dont render correctly resulting in missing chunks of metal.
-Bug 2 I tried making the water cooler look like it has water in it, but the water failed to render.
-Bug 3 Cameras + monitors + portals = textures and models disappearing when you look into a portal. Disable Monitors to avoid this.
-Bug 4 Even if you paint a turret, the broken peices it explodes into stay white
-Bug 5 In the portivity test, any cube reflecting a laser will become motionless and cannot move without disabling the laser first.
-Bug 6 The Easter egg with chell can get the player stuck on a creased overtop the vent hole rather than falling.
-Bug 7 In ventilation chamber people have found its difficult to land directly onto the platform and just fall to their deaths
-Bug 8 Chell's eyes are apparently a separate model, but they come with an untextured body. I never figured that out.

----------------
Intended changes
----------------

Needs models for the closet tools to replace the broken brushwork. More Black Mesa content too. The ventilation test deserves more layers to it.
I definitely feel like something can be added here. Walking animations for Chell are needed, among other things. More gravity related tests. 

Whatever changes are made. Rusty must leave you behind on the rail network. Chell's presence is necessary. And you must head to Lamda Labs.