-----------------------------
INTO THE MULTIVERSE PART 8
-----------------------------


This is the first draft of the UNFINISHED design of part 8
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The airlock opens up and you walk through to a set of identical airlock doors along a hallway. Ahead of you is a reception desk and waiting room.
One side of the room has an entrance and the other an exit. You notice blood dripping from the exit door. You begin to feel uneasy again.
Walking past the desk and into the entrance, you see several doors. Through the first one is a small office and a projector and disc player.
The second room is just a washroom and shower area. Likely for sterilizing. The third room is a storage locker for personal belongings.
Amid the boxes and crates, you spot a tray of discs. You grab one and head to the office room and pop it into the disc player.
A Blappeture logo appears before you. You notice that this disc player has a remote that came with it. Pressing the button changes the screen.
Several blueprints on the screen show up for robots of numerous designs. You ponder what significance this may have.

You proceed to the next room. Behind a sealed door, you see that the entire laboratory area before you is in complete and total disarray.
Broken panels in the ceiling and floor, light fixtures torn from their sockets, live wires in pools of water. What happened here?
The hall before you is blocked by debris and dangerously place electrical wires, so you have yo find your way around this mess.
You attempt the doorway to your right. Inside is a long shaft full of hundreds of containers, each filled with different kinds of materials.
Suspended next to you is a long robot arm. In its inactive clutches is a sole companion cube. The power must have went out mid-clutch.
You look upwards to see for but a split second, the figure of a person fleeting behind the containers. I swear to god, if its HER AGAIN!!
Without hesitation you vacate the area with haste.

You quickly run to the other side of the hall to the door on the left. Inside are desks cluttered with machines upon machines. Bots and bots.
Bits and peices from every make and model litter the area. Cores, chassis, cubes, spheres, turrets. It's all here. But why? What is this place?
While skulking around, you accidentally activate a motion sensor that turns on a monitor. On screen are more blueprints of different robots.
Walking by, you see several more monitors with other blueprints of various devices, but also you find whiteboards with writing on them.
It appears they were upgrading all of their tech and moving away from the older models. They even mention a defective... lopsided turret???
There is something else. The IMMORTALUS PROJECT? They weren't just working on machinery here. They were operating on people as well.
The writing is unforunately smeared, preventing you from reading more. Blood stains and writing suggest that whatever they made has escaped.
What the hell were they doing here? What the heck were they trying to create? Your skin begins to crawl. You need to leave now.

You leave the lab area and head to the sealed door from the other end of the mangled hallway. On the other side of the door is a waiting room.
This one is far larger than the other ones from before. A set of doors on one side of the room appears locked. Its likely remote controlled too.
You attempt to enter the receptionary office, but the door is unresponsive. Thankfully you are carrying firepower. You blast the door clean off.
Inside the tiny office you see a computer tower with a timed button on it. Pressing it temporarily opens the dual doors across the room.
With a portal here and there you dash inside.

You walk into a semi dark room. Walking forward activates the lights. You find yourself inside a large operation room and observatory.
Machinery lines each side of the room. Computers, monitors, scanners, and brains.... b.b.b-bRAINS? THERE ARE BRAINS IN JARS HERE??

--------------------------------------
Sadly this is where part 8 cuts off.
--------------------------------------
Due to personal crap, which i wont get into, i cannot finish my work. Life dealt me a new hand and I must leave my work behind me.
Nevertheless, i can at least leave behind my remaining ideas so that others may finish my tale, should interest consume them like it did to me.
The story board for part 8 is not entirely complete, nor is there anything for the sequential part 9 and up. But there are still ideas.
And ideas can always be expanded upon. Some can be scrapped, and others can be improved upon, and new ideas are also welcomed as well.
However There is a very important plot that must, for all intents and purposes, remain entirely intact. The details are as follows...
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The plot revolves around the PERPETUAL TESTING INITIATIVE. The original video released by valve https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7rZO2ACP3A
Cave Johnson cracks the multiverse via unexplained methods and uses it to exploit other worlds for free resources, free labour, and free tests.
Each universe is different in its own right. From technology, to species, to history, to the very laws of physics themselves.
Its important to understand that Cave Prime is not the same Cave from the single player campaign. That would contradict the story completely.
In the PTI tests, Cave enlists Greg instead of Carolyn, and Glados is never constructed in that dimension at all.

In the dimension that I have fabricated, Glados has replaced Cave Johnson and is overseeing the development of technology for multiversal travel.
The Gyroscope Multiverse portal is based on the device from the movie Contact. Terrible movie altogether. But it has a cool giant spinny thing.
That part is irrelevant. What IS relevant is you play a test volunteer who gets lost and finds their way to the wrong part of the laboratory.
You activate the machine before its complete and due to your incompetence you find yourself in a new dimension where BLAPPETURE MESA EXISTS.

In the PTI recordings, the Cave Johnson of this world buys out Black Mesa and rebrands it to BLAPPETURE MESA and shuts down the cascade reactor.
Nothing else is implied for this world so its easy pickings for writing. You the player trespass into the compound looking for a way home.
You discover that the facility is, or rather WAS, in the process of migrating technology and resources from aperture to black mesa.
But no one is around and you are to eventually find out why that is. While spelunking through the pipes you fall in a trash compactor.
There you find your sole ally throughout the story. RUSTY! Or at least that is what i started calling him.

Rusty is the result of a botched manufacturing job. They are part core and part turret, and none of their parts are installed correctly.
They plead for mercy and you oblige. For saving this sorry bucket of bolts, they reward you with a gun, tech support... and blunt force trauma.
Rusty may be janky, but their gun works to clear enemies. And their software is compatible with lots of ports and networks to help you get by.
But along the way you find that you two are not alone. For in this universe there is a Chell, and she is very disturbed.

Chell shows up randomly and sporadically. Her behaviour is unpredictable and unhinged. Her mental state swings from docile to outright violent.
She stalks you through the facility and her intentions are unknown. At least for now. You will see her again and again until the very end.
You also see a companion cube in every single map at least once. It is implied that this cube is always the same one from start to finish.
(It would probably be a good idea to create a different model to distinquish it from other companion cubes or something to convey this.)

In your travels through this dimension, you encounter unfamiliar testing devices, vastly different architecture, and new ways of testing.
Most particularly you discover the Portivity Gun. The might of Aperture Portal technology and Black Mesa Gravity Technology combined in one.
The further you trapse through the facility, the more clues you find. For instance Wheatelys core is instead inhabited by Cave Johnson.
Cave relays a message on all speakers that they have an interverse intruder in their midsts causing chaos, and that person is YOU.
You also meet a big flying Glados soaring through the caverns of the facility. Flying robots are a big thing now and railways are less used.

As you travel through the labs, you uncover all kinds of secrets. Hiding behind the walls from various places are hidden Chell dens.
No Not Ratmann dens, but CHELL dens! (I never got to make special scawlings for her like ratmann has. Perhaps you could?)
The more curious details are that even though the Cascade reactor was halted, much of the facility is under lockdown due to strange happenings.
Everything from broken containers, broken walls and doors, condemned and restricted areas, and a whole lot of blood all over the place.
Something is loose on the premises and causing amok. But What?

Eventually Glados gets fed up with you running about and sends in flying drones to take you down. But you are too sly for that and survive.
Rusty helps you at every turn by unlocking doors and shooting down enemies where possible. But that does not prepare you for what is ahead.
You make your way closer and closer to Lambda labs in hopes of find something that can break open the multiverse in order to get back home.
Somehow you always end up getting thrown off course with test after test, encounter after encounter, fight after fight, and so on.
After upgrading your tech and gathering more resources, you learn of what Blappeture Mesa was secretly working on in their other laboratories.

((((((SPOILER ALERT)))))))

As it turns out, the lab techs of Black mesa were unimpressed with Aperture's artificial intelligence, but intrigued by Glados's Bio technology.
Eventually they get to work on creating their own bio technology, and after trial and error they manage to come up with their living machines.
By reverse engineering her blueprints, they manage to perfect the process of immortalising human beings by downloading their minds into machines!
That means that all of the robots you encountered and destroyed contained real live human consiousnesses inside of them all.

But it gets more interesting than that. During the process of turning employees and volunteers into machines, something went horribly wrong.
Normally a Brain is scanned, and a computer generates the most efficient software and hardware blueprints based on the users psyche.
Some people become turrets, others become cores, and many are turned into coop bots. If your luck is real bad you become a simple cube.
Unfortunately some brains turn out far more complex than others, and some are very simple, so the results drastically vary from bot to bot.
One person in particular, CHELL, had an unreadable brain. The computers failed to produce a legible blueprint for her robot body.
But this didnt stop the warehouse from trying to produce one for her. The result was a mis-shapen and malformed RUSTY TURRET CORE HYBRID!!!!!
The Devices hooked up to Chell tried to download her brain, but the process failed, leaving them both with 50% conciousness each.
The error however was never caught and Rusty was tossed in the waste disposal bin with all of the other rubbage that gets destroyed.
Since then, Chell has been mindlessly searching for her missing half...

To make matters far worse, there is far more serious threat hiding in the walls. Chell wasnt the only interesting case among the volunteers.
Blappeture exhausted all of their homeless test volunteers and started to take in unwanted convicts, thanks to penitentary overpopulation.
Out of all of the criminals who were scanned and outfitted with new bodies, one person in particular got a very extreme change in form.
Their body consists of 1 tonne of heavy metal, their limbs constructed of numerous articulated powerful tentacles, A nuclear powered chasis,
A face full of almost a dozen menacing red eyes, a maw of dozens of talons and claws for a mouth and a wretched voice to pair with it.
Complete with guns, lasers, and fizzler sheilds, this horror show is a force to be wreckened with, and it is loose in the facility.
It destroyed the trains in the station, it broke into the labs from the vents and killed the technicians, it broke the pipes and cut off paths.
They attempted to quarantine it by shutting down areas it broke into, even covering it up with the Lambda Lab reports, but its still out there.

You and Rusty Must face new challenges, new tests, and new enemies. All while trying to trying to find a way home from within Lambda Labs.
If the anamolous materials can breach the fabric of space, then it may very well be possible to find a way to navigate it and return home.
