-----------------------------
INTO THE MULTIVERSE PART 5
-----------------------------


This is the first draft of the already available published design of part 5
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You begin in the same transition chamber Where you open the gate to Lambda Labs. The doors open to reveal a large storage room.
Big shelving units contain equipment and devices shipped in from Aperture. Among the stock is a companion cube lodged inside of a tube.
The doorway ahead of you that leads toward Lambda Labs however is blocked by a collapsed shelving scaffold. Objects galore obstruct the path.
On the other side of the mess are turrets who are gaurding the laboratory. Something important must be back there is have turrets gaurd it.
Thankfully the storage room has other entrances/exits. You attempt to use the doorway on your right. It leads to a small tiny hallway.
The area is unfortunately protected with a laser field, preventing your from moving forward. A small window off to the side reveals an office.
Inside is a set of controls that must be for the Deadly laser grid. But there is no one inside that can deactivate the field.

You Run back to the storage room and try the other door on the left. You find an yourself in an identical Hallway. As soon as you enter,
A laser field behind you activates. You are effectively trappe, unable to escape. Will no one rescue you? Will you die here? Is this the end?
Amid the hum of the electronic death walls, you hear a banging noises in the ceiling. A clanging and smashing and a cursing and swearing noise.
You recognize the digital voice creating all that commotion! Ceiling tiles suddely burst out of the office ceiling to reveal RUSTY!!
Somehow your metal companion tracked the core rail systems to your location. With one look, Rusty can tell you need some help.
With some quick beeps and boops, Rus hacks the wifi router to the computer and disables the Laser field ahead of you. Your path is now open.
Rusty knows they will see you again and slides back up the railing and back up into hole in the ceiling.

You pass through the doorway in the hall to find a new series of hallways and doors. Oddly the carpeted space seems more clean and comfortable.
Well aside from the deadly orange turrets which are up and down the entire place. You would be absolutely screwed were it not for your new toy.
You activate the grav mode on your portivity gun and make quick work of the turrets by yanking them off their feet and knocking them around.
They are no match for you and your fancy new gizmo. After dispatching the three legged guns, you start looking around through all the rooms.
One room contains office supplies, another is a server room, one is full of desks and chairs, and another is full of computers.
Finally you find an elevator. However it requires a Key card. Ugh, they have those here too? You snoop around some more to find this card.
You find a security room connected to the office where Rusty was inside of. It's full of loose paperwork and files and one handy little card.
You make your way back to the elevator and slam the plastic pass into the slot and the doors slide open. Inside console full of buttons.
Unfortunately you have no idea where you are even going, so you press one at random.

The Elevator arrives at what appears to be some sort of security hub. The space is sterile and all the doors have Blappeture logos on them.
They also seem to be completely locked down. At the center of the hub is a ring shaped desk, and above it are several holo-monitors.
As you approach, the monitors suddenly blare with static before displaying a live feed of Rusty inside a vent full of wires and cables.
You don't exactly know where he is, but he starts hacking the computers once more in an attempt to unlock all of the doors in the area.
However all he is able to hack is the Neurotoxin gas line which begins filling the room with deadly gas. Thankfully he quickly turns that off.
After some more searching, Rusty finds that the doors can only be opened with, you guessed it, more freaking electronic key cards!
At the center of the hub under the monitors is a 4-way device where these cards can be inserted. One for each door.

After some searching, you discover one of the broken elevators has been forced open, and inside of it in a pool of blood is one of the cards.
Once returning to the hub, you slide the card into the orange color coded slot on the console. Suddenly one of the Blapperture doors opens up.
Inside is absolute darkness. You turn on your flashlight and find that the place is is in total disarray. Broken hardware and glass all over.
You find glass chamber room with smashed in doors and blood stained floors. The doors fall to the ground as you step closer.
Inside the chamber is a broken wall that seems to have been destroyed from the inside, revealing a crawl space full of vents, pipes and wires.
Whatever was in this lab must have escaped. You only hope to not find out what caused this horrific scene. You find another card on the ground.
Leaving the scene you return to the hub again, insert the green card, and watch another lab door open. This one appears to be far better lit.

The lit room makes it easier to see that the area is divided into 3 parts. The computer room, the test chamber, and the observation room.
It almost looks like this place was designed for scientists to show off inventions to a large room full of investors or student engineers.
Once stepping towards the desks, a set of monitors come alive. It's Rusty again on the computer screens. They seem to want your assistance.
Before you is a set of controls. You press the button labled Elevator and within the glass room the floor opens and a lift arises from within.
On the lift is a gigantic Laser-like device...and a chubby pink turret. You press another button, activating the start-up sequence to the laser.
Electric sparks discharge and a massive red beam bursts out the end of the apparatus, cutting through the turrets shell and destroying it.
The beams proceeds through a remote activated portal to an unknown destination. You proceed to power down the machine. The beams dissapates.
Rusty rationalizes that it was necesarry to kill the pink turret, even if she was cute.... You really don't know how to feel about that.
You notice that the turret dropped another keycard inside the chamber. You open the door, head inside, and grab it. Then there is the portal...
You step through the shimmering wall, only to find yourself standing on a suspended platform, precariously hanging over a lake of acid.
Looking around you see cave walls, a huge carved indentation in the rock wall from the laser beam, and several observation rooms.
You also see something very nerve-wrecking... It's that glassy eyed woman from earlier who nearly cut your head off with an axe.
The door to the observation room abruptly closes and she vanishes from your sight. You are more than just a little creeped out.

Quickly you jump back into the portal, run back to the hub again, cram the blue card into the slot, and head into the third laboratory.
You find that among the machinery is another Disc player, and on the shelf is a stack of discs. Grabbing one, you slide it in the player.
On a big screen overhead the PC towers, a blueprint of a red Helicopter core appears with detailed instructions for its controls.
You hear a clank from inside the glass chamber as well. A Helicopter Core has been dispatched inside the chamber from a large chute.
Another chute drops a crate for what appears to be for demonstration purposes. You also see a set of controls before you for the flying core.
When you interact with them, the propellers on the core start spinning and it lifts up into the air. It flies towards the crate and explodes!
Just as soon as the core is destroyed, a new one comes out of the hatch. Witnessing this spectacle you get an idea of what to do next.
Engaging the controls again, you navigate the flying core to the laser room and fly it through the remote portal field.

Getting a bird's eye view, more of the cavern comes into view. The area is filled with old and new chambers, several of which seem promising.
Two of the chambers seem to be almost accessible. One has a broken vent above it and a secluded portal wall behind a stack of crates.
Another room, further above near the cave ceiling exists a white chamber with cracked glass just waiting to be shattered open.
You Fly the core into the crates and detonate it, destroying the wooden crates. Sending in another core, you fly up and shatter the window.
Once that is dealt with, all that is left to do is inspect what resides in these chambers.

After returning to the suspended platform, you fire a portal at the adjecent wall that you had just unveiled above the obersvation room.
Stepping back into the lab you find another wall to place the opposite portal on and hop in. With a single jump, you hop down into the vent.
Unfortunately the door is locked, and you are once again trapped in a small room. You look around and see a new set of remote control devices.
Pressing one results in a monitor activating overhead. Its a live feed of the laser room you just came from. The laser has reactivated.
A beam of light fires both on the camera, and in the cavern room. After several seconds a timer counts down and turns off the laser.
Looking around again you see another computer full of controls. Hitting another button causes a loud siren to start intermittently blaring.
After several loud flares, the sound of gears and metal pistons begin to fill the cavern. The Robotic arm holding the portal platform is moving.
Slowly the series of metal parts turn the slab of white wall around until it faces towards the opposite end of the cavern at the other chambers.

Static covers the monitor overhead and Rusty appears on-screen again. They lost you there for a bit and sees you got yourself trapped again.
Hacking into the mainframe, Rusty unlocks the sealed door to your room for you. Exiting the room, you find a very long stairwell down the hall.
There is just no way you are climbing all that. You notice the ceiling up top is portal-able though, and at the base is a white slab of tile too.
Portaling up top, you scale the entire stairwell in an instant. Stairs are for suckers, can you image having to climb all that?
Navigating the rustic halls, you find an office space and break room. (easter egg note:a) In the breakroom you find the last card in the sink.
Passing the office you open a door and find yourself in the observation room to the big lasercannon you had previously activated.
You enter the last keycard, but the Blappeture door jams. You are forced to portal into the lab. Inside is a mess of a lab area.
Passing through broken glass windows and unlocked doors, you stumble upon a birthday party for turrts. There is cake. oh. From the elevator room!

Running around the corners of the lab, you hop back through the remote portal wall to see what is now on the other side.
All you see is a dirty mound of sludge coming from a sewerline and two chambers whose ladders have rusted off, making them inaccessible.
You however notice one of the chambers has an open door to it, while the other has a portal platform resting on the walkway.
The Gears start spinning in your head and you get an idea. You fire a portal at the tilted white tile on the walkway and run back to the stairs.
Standing overtop the tower of steps, you look down through the gap to see the other white portal tile all the way down at the bottom floor.
After firing the second portal on the floor, you step off and just drop! The sound of wind fills your ears as you fall down two hundred feet.
You pass through the portal and fly gracefully through the air, landing safely on the walkway across from the other side of the sewer pipe.
Walking inside, you find numerous sealed doors and a ladder to the roof of the chamber. Climbing up top allows you more view of the cavern.
From up here you notice a metal beam extending from the upper corner of chamber to other chamber. Walking across, you encounter a crows nest.
The bird is startled and flies off, soaring straight up the into open clearing of the window you had shattered earlier. You forgot about that.
You can just barely see the edge of the white wall from where you are standing. Holding your gun steady, you manage to land a portal on the wall.
From where you stand, you are just able to leap onto the suspended platform holding the remote portal wall and slip in to portal into the room.

Once in the new observation room, you use the exit door to find a new hallway full of doors upon doors. Only two of them are unlocked.
At the far end is a room with an electric fusebox. Activating a lever, you turn on the power to a series of gel pipes in the other room.
The other level however when pulled appears to temporarily cut off the power for only a few short seconds before powering back on.
You notice all the way at the end of the hall is laser field which cuts off access to a stairwell to the next area. It turns off for 3 seconds.
Walking into the next room you see a control room where a series of gel pipes are affixed overtop a conveyer holding a white panel.
Stepping closer, you see an unfamiliar turret activate and start shooting at you through the other side of the glass window, shattering it.
Suddenly Rusty comes flying through a gate and slams into the other turret, dislodging its connector from the rails making it fall down a pit.
Before Rus can finish saying hello, several more turrets chase after Rusty through the other hatch. Hopefully They will be fine.

After inspecting the room, you find the controls that manipulate the panels and gel. You align the panel under the orange tube, then portal it.
Returning to the hallway, you place down portals on all of the spaced out portal-able ceiling tiles. Orange gel floods the floor of the hallway.
Once turning off the power at the electronic fusebox, you immediately sprint across the gel at high speed toward the opposite end of the hall.
By the time you reach the far end, the laser grid deactivates just long enough for you to pass through unharmed before reactivating.
To your right is a set of stairs that lead up to a sealed door, climbing up you enter inside and take a short rest.
You begin to wonder how much further you must go before you find what you are looking for to get back to your home.

END OF PART 5

---------------------------------------------------
BELOW ARE A LIST OF BUGS THAT HAVE YET TO BE FIXED
---------------------------------------------------

-Bug 1 The gibs of the broken ceiling tiles in the security room are just splintered wood. 
-Bug 2 The elevator that crashes down the elevator shaft does not take its keypad down with it. It just levitates in the shaft.
-Bug 3 The laser in the chamber cannot pass through the portal, instead more lasers are used in the cave. you can see them clip at the center.
-Bug 4 The helicopter core is made of numerous objects which do not portal altogether at the same time. instead they disappear in the portal.
-Bug 5 Missing textures resulted in the portal wall behind the crates on the observatory inside the cave being replaced with wood texture
-Bug 6 There is no actual ladder mechanic like in the Half Life games, so I made a stair case that is one inch thick. It is a very fast ladder.
-Bug 7 The doors lining the hallways of the gel test apparently can be portaled for some reason.
-Bug 8 The model for the computer tower that wraps around the lever console has tearing issues when you stand back. Thanks Valve, lol.

----------------
Intended changes
----------------

Needs model for the flying bomb core. More Black Mesa content too. The lazer Cannon that is just random models smushed together, needs a model.
The sewer pipe can just spill directly into the acid, theres no need for dirt in front of it, People step off the platform here and get stuck.
Lots of people complained about there being too much walking, lol. Don't know what to do about that. The Gabe easter egg can be removed now.

Whatever changes are made, Rusty must stay on the rail network and help with hacking. Chell's presence is necessary.
The giant laser test is too good to get rid of. But the gel test could be workshopped