-----------------------------
INTO THE MULTIVERSE PART 1
-----------------------------


This is the first draft of the already available published design of part 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You wake up in your volunteer stasis motel. You hear the sound of radio playing music. credits roll in.
You wander the area to find there is a turret in the washroom. They scream and shut the door, locking it.
You try the front door to find it was left unlocked. There is a scaffold of walkway platforms warping around the pods.
After wandering around you accidentally trapse over a lofty platform which breaks beneath your feet and you fall down.
Mangled Security turrets are alarmed and annoyed you broke the already rustic platform. One of them gives you a key to the exit.

You exit the chamber of pods to find yourself in an even bigger cave of chambers.
Off in the distance a huge robot arm holds aloft a companion cube far away out of your reach.
While scaling the platforms you are overwhelmed to see a huge construction crane lifting a massive metal ring.
A turret occupying the drivers seat is uncertain of how to use the controls and accidentally swings it towards another walkway.
Several turrets on the walkway freak out about the impending ring which crushes the walkway. The turrets fall to their death.
The crane turret disregards their deaths and continues taking the ring to the construction site beyond the walls of a chamber ahead.
Sign work on the chamber that your are about to enter reads Aperture Science. You are not meant to be here, but you press onward.

Inside are turrets working desk jobs, they greet you and get back to work. In the next room is an office meeting full of more turrets.
A Projecter details information on key cards needed to access certain areas of the facility. Security turrets possess admin cards.
Employees possess entry cards. One black security turret sits at a table overseeing a stack of these cards refuses to give you one.
You are a volunteer, not an employee, so you get nothing. You shouldn't even be out your chamber, what are you doing here?
You go to the next room. Office desks and chairs are stacked around in a disorganized fashion. Ahead is another room under construction.
One robot holding a ladder for another turret loses their focus as you enter the room, causing the ladder to fall over. The other turret
swears angrily as they fall to the ground. In their rage they fire the other turret. You caused this workplace accident. Do you feel guilty?
Off to the side you see an open vent, there is nowhere left to go but inside. As you crawl around you see through a vent grill into a room.
A Pink and a purple turret see and hear you crawling in the vents, wandering what in the hell are you doing up there.
While moving onward, another grill breaks beneath you and you fall into what appears to be a washroom. Several blue turrets are there.
You leave wondering why turrets need washrooms at all.

You find youself in a hallway which is under repair. At one end is security bot at a desk. They refuse you entry to the upcoming facility.
To your left is a wall of lasers which stands between you and the next area. On the desk is a Key card reader with two slots. You need one.
You return to the hallway and enter a different room. Numerous desks and chairs and computers fill the office room. Among them is a card.
After returning to the security bot, you both insert your cards and the laser wall drops. Inside is an older model elevator. You enter it.
You hear over the elevator radio the staticy audio of Exile Vilify play. It is cut off as the elevator stops and the doors open.
2 security turrets sleeping on the job panic as the elevator doors awaken them. They point their lasers at you but drop them in embarrasment.
Down the hall is a large sealed door which opens for you. Ahead is a waiting room and a laboratory. You see inside a window to two bots
They are arguing over several problems involving the upcoming test. Something in the machinery is faulty. They see you overhearing them.
They go quiet. You were NOT supposed to hear that. Adjecent to you is a test observatory. You walk in to find The doors lock behind you.
On the other side of the room is a window with lab turrets looking in. They dont know why you are in there, this is a secure area.
They reluctantly proceed with the test. Off to the side you see numerous rings on an axis. It's a Gyroscrope. It begins to power up.
The rings accelerate with great speed. The overhead lamps bust a fuse and fire sparks as the rings begin to glow. A worm hole is formed.
Several cubes are swallowed in light. A beam of blue light arcs from the Gyroscope and into a container across the room.
The cubes teleport in. Despite the electrical problems, the lab turrets consider this a success. They unlock the room so you may leave.

You leave the test room and enter the labs. Numerous turrets in computer rooms work on lines of code in their offices. They ignore you.
Ahead is a window to a construction shaft. Numerous robot arms are working on retrofitting a weighted cube for the upcoming test.
To your right is a waiting room and a big sealed door. Another security bot awaits you. They assume you work here. They assume WRONG!
They open a hidden security console which is bigger than the previous one and enter their admin card. You enter yours too.
While the device scans your card, you see inside a window to the construction shaft. A robot arm carries a companion cube to the next room.
The door opens before you to security hall level 2. You grab your card and enter inside. The door seals behind you. A laser grill is ahead.
To your left is a card slot. You enter your card one last time. A large console erupts from the wall with color coded images.
This is the worst securty device ever. All you have to do is select the correct shapes to pass the system. Even a monkey could do this.
As you are granted access, the laser grill deactivates. On the ground is a platform and on the ceiling is a scanner. You step on to be scanned.
Surprisingly enough you pass Security level 3. You contimplate how someone should get fired for letting you get this far. The last door opens.

Before your is an ominously large gigantic circular room full of high tech computers, all managed by laboratory turrets.
A big circular window seperates the  ring of upper level lab techs from a lower floor of construction bots who are working on something big.
Suspended by a set of large robotic pistons is an upscaled version of the Gyroscopic wormhole generator. That's when you see the big ring.
A Construction bot on a scaffold is securing into place the final ring that you saw the crane carrying in from earlier.
You know? The one that was railed straight into a platform? The one that killed some turrets? Yeah, that one. You feel uneasy about this.
You overhear 2 turrets at a large console talking. There is a malfunction of some kind. One of them brushes it off as nothing.
You suddenly hear a familiar voice from a spinning monitor suspended from a railing. It's Glados! She is overseeing the tests development.
She notices you overhearing their conversation. She is far too busy with her important work to deal with you trapsing in unannounced.
Glados glides away from you to other turrets to address hardware and software problems. At the far far end of the room is a larger console.
Two more turrets Address Glados, telling her the test is not ready yet. Glados tells them she needs to check on something and disconnects.

You notice on the console a really large activation lever. You are overwhelmed with temptation to pull the lever. You know you shouldn't.
Every bit of common sence tells you its not ready, there is numerous problems with the device, faulty equipment, buggy software, etcetera.
You absolutely should not at all whatsoever even begin to contemplate ever touching the highly sensitive lever that you....just pulled....

The turrets freak out that you pulled the lever, loud whirring noises fill the room, electrical devices power up and come alive. Uh Oh!!
The huge Gyroscope begins to spin. This is fine, everything is fine, this is not a problem, so long as no one touches anything else.
Oh look another console full of buttons lights up. A Screen with a blueprint of a circular apparatus and a big red button taunts you.
You just can't help yourself but press the big red button. More devices begin to power up in the center of the room.
Large electric manafolds on the floor and ceiling open, Huge bolts of lightning charge up the device and the rings begin to light up.
Big Bursts of light start filling the room as the Gyroscope manages to sustain a stable worm hole at the center of the room! It's a Success!!
The pistons suspending the Gyroscope disconnect from the device, the gravitational force of the feild keep it suspended in the air.
Another console powers up. MORE BUTTONS!! This one has a blueprint of a weighted cube on it. You eagerly press the button with curiosity.
You look back to see a robot arm come out of the ceiling holding the same companion cube from before. It drops it into the wormhole below.
The cube desintegrates in the worm hole. The foreign matter causes a surge in electrical energy causing the wormhole to lose stability.
A surge of power causes massive system failures. A massive well of gravity begins to pull at everything in the chamber towards the wormhole.
Scaffolds and turrets get sucked up into the event horizon, ceiling tiles get ripped out, floor panels stripped off the ground. It's Chaos!
Glados returns to her monitor to see what all the commotion is all about. No one was supposed to activate the device this early.
She draws your attention to the main emergencey safety override button. You slam your palm on the button and power gets cut to the device.
The well of gravity falls and all the equipment crashes to the ground. The wormhole is stabalized and begins to power down.

Before The Gyroscope stops moving, another surge of electrical energy fills the device. The Wormhole refuses to shut down!
Another wave of Gravitational forces fills the room, this time much bigger than before. The Glows of light become brighter than ever before.
Everything in the room is sucked into the event horizon and desintegrated. The 3 foot thick tempered glass loses its structural stability,
causing it to shatter violently. Every shard of glass gets sucked up into the wormhole immediately without a moments notice.
The robot arm in the ceiling is ripped out of its socket, The pistons are yanked out of their tubes and sucked into the light,
Even the rings begin to buckle and shatter from the gravity as they are pulled in. Glados is horrorfied to see everything go horribly wrong.
The well of gravity fills the laboratory platform. Computer consoles start to get sucked in, turrets fly helplessly into the unknown void.
Glados remarks that there is nothing they can do to stop this and laments her past mistakes. We are 100% absolutely definitely screwed.
While She is speaking, huge multi-colored arcs of lightning violently burst from the blazing feild of doom, striking the metal hardware.
Huge explosions erupt where the lightning crash into explosive materials. You are in grave danger from being hit as well.
Glados finishes off by saying you are on your own. In a twist of irony a bolt of lightning strikes her monitor, dislodging it from the railing.
Glados screams in terror as the screen gets sucked up into the void almost immediately. The gravity well increases once more.
You suddenly lose your footing as you feel yourself being pulled into the immense mass of blindingly bright light.

You regain your sense of sight as you find yourself flying through a beam of twisting blue light. You are inside of the worm hole.
The blue light permeates reality itself, breaking through universe after universe. One after the other, You begin to see them.
Numerous iterations of planet Earth fly by, each one so similar, yet just slightly different from each other.
You pass one version of earth where 2 personality cores drift aloft in its orbit, just beyond the moon. I wonder who they were?
Just ahead the blue beam of light carrying you across infinite dimensions finally touches down on one of the Earths.
You are helpless to find yourself hurdeling down into its atmosphere. You begin to black out from the heat of entry. 
Where are you headed? How will you survive? How Will you get home? What will happen next?

END OF PART 1

---------------------------------------------------
BELOW ARE A LIST OF BUGS THAT HAVE YET TO BE FIXED
---------------------------------------------------

-Bug 1 The door to the bathroom can be prevented from closing, thus causing a loop. This gets fixed in Part 1a which is in my files
-Bug 2 When the Crane knocks over the turrets in the abyss, one can be grabbed from your walkway and taken to the end of the map.
-Bug 3 When entering the meeting you trigger the doors to be closed. You can easily jump back and get locked out, thus missing the meeting.
-Bug 4 The door to the elevator has no collision model. I tried to fix this once, but you can still easily fall out.
-Bug 5 The door to the Gyroscopic Test room locks behind you when you enter, but you can jump back and get locked out, thus missing the test.
-Bug 6 The console with the glowing lights where you match colors almost never fails, but one person got both a success and a failure somehow.
-Bug 7 You can drag several items all the way to the end of the level. Someone crammed items into the mini gyroscope and wedged them in the box.
-Bug 8 There is a turret that glados talks to after talking to you. He is not correctly attached to the chair. It turns around, but he dont.


---------------------
PART 1a Revisions
---------------------
I intended on remaking the entire series using what I learned over the course of many years of building maps, but this never got finished.
I never even completely finished Part 1. Something always stopped me from getting what i wanted done. I wont get into why.
As follows are the changes to Part 1 found in Part 1a, as well as intened changes that never got made.

You wake up in your stasis motel to the sound of radio music. The layout of the room has been rearranged almost entirely.
The window is across from the bed and The washroom is now to your right. It now has all its fixtures in it including a mirror.
When you attempt to leave your stasis chamber, you are halted by a perilous drop. The pods are all slotted in massive scaffolds
There is no walkway for you to step foot on. You instead hear a crane approach carrying a small platform. It docks to your pod for you.
Once aboard the platform, the doors lock in place and you are lifted towards a station door at the far end of the huge cavern.
The crane aligns the platform so the railing locks into the railing on the wall. The Wheels from your platform power up and drive onto the rail.
Your platform passes through a Hall of Wires and frames and enteres a different chamber. This area is where I never completed my work.

----------------
Intended changes
----------------

The moving platform carries you along a suspended railing through a massive cavern of chambers and construction work.
Ahead of you is a station where platforms are supposed to dock. Yours is headed to the test volunteer waiting room.
However a Crane, carrying a gigantic metal ring shows up and crashes into the railing and platform. The platform breaks and you fall off.
You crash land ontop of a chamber where there is no escape. Except for the railing stemming off of the chamber to the Docking station.
The docking area you manage tightrope your way to is however the EMPLOYEE docking station. You are about to go where you do not belong.

In the original map, everything is managed by turrets. This is because there were no human models to use, which is what I originally wanted.
Unfortunately I did not possess the knowledge on how to create models at the time so I just stuck with the turrets. It ended up being funny.
In This reality Glados had not gone rogue. Cave Johnson and Caroline both got uploaded to robot bodies and are still in charge.
The following areas are the precursor to the PERPETUAL TESTING INITIATIVE! I wanted to create a video file for the advertisement of the PTI.
There exits a video of it on youtube if someone can figure out how to import it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7rZO2ACP3A

I had not fleshed out a complete idea of how to change things, but the general idea is making better looking models for computers,
models for the gyroscopes, models for the people, the keycards, and so much more. Even the coop bots can be used and given more animations.
I also hoped to have more puzzles in part 1. Something to make the grand finale more dynamic. And have a Giant ring hoisted in when you enter.
You could have an animation of it being installed while glados talks to the lab technicians before everything goes completely awry.
I also wished I could have recreated the Tube ride animation you take with wheatley in the single player story, but instead with the wormhole.
