-----------------------------
INTO THE MULTIVERSE PART 2
-----------------------------


This is the first draft of the already available published design of part 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You begin where Part 1 left off, Flying through space in a wormhole cutting straight through the multiverse.
You crash land on one of the Earths and black out. Credits roll in and you hear glass and wood break. You awaken in an old abandoned cabin.
The cabin was once owned by Cave Johnson and is the first outpost somewhere out in the mountainside. Huge Satelittes line the horizon.
While snooping around you find the Monitor That Glados was transmitting to. She is astonished to find you are alive
She is even more astonished to see the Banner For Blappeture Mesa near a Helipad and compound in the distance.
The monitor suddenly catches fire from the electrical sparks. Glados wishes you luck before it abruptly explodes.

Before you are two paths. One leads to the helipad, the other to an Power station. The station is gaurded by a deadly electrified fence.
While heading to the Helipad you notice there are security cameras keeping watch. There are also weaponised Rocket turrets at the compound.
A spray painted arrow points off to the side to a different area. While carefull avoiding the cameras you find another electrified fence.
Beyond the fence is huge Ventilation station which clears exhaust from inside the compound. The fence noticably has wire extending behind you.
After following the wires you find yourself within the outdoor power station. All it takes is one flip of a switch to shut it down entirely.
You head back to the Ventilation Station to find the fence gate is no longer humming with electricity. It safe now to open the gate.
Inside is a large spinning fan connected to a large tankard of coolant. You turn off the device, causing it to quickly overheat and explode.
You peer inside to see the inner sewer system of the facility and a walkway below to step on. This is your only way in.

After leaping into the sewer, you find the place is a mess. There are broken pathways and deadly bile everywhere you look.
You find your way towards a Drainage station that pumps filth away from the facility and its bigger pipelines.
Inside the office is a companion cube. You ponder if the cube is from this world or if its the one sent from your world.
The pipes from the drainage system have ruptured, resulting in toxic bile blocking your pathway to the elevator.
One of the safety rails had broken off, showing you there is a ladder positioned on the railings holding up the pipelines.
You make your way across the beams and to the elevator. On the upper floor you find yourself in a hallway with several rooms.
One of these is a meeting room with a projector and video disc player prompting to insert disc. In the maintanence room before is the disc.
When the video plays, you are greeted with a message from THIS univeres's Cave Johnson. He Had just bought Black Mesa and rebranded it.
During the takeover, he learned of the Anomolous Research Facility called Lambda Labs Where they almost started a Cascade Reaction.
This event would have led to beginning narrative of the Half Life Series. Cave Johnson rightfully shut down the entire project.
After the video ends you proceed back down the hall and into the main coumpound.

The Compound is filled with equipment that has been shipped in and awaiting processing. There is also a crane on the ceiling for offloading.
While snooping around you discover an import crate from Aperture Labs containing Portal Guns. You sneakily grab one from the pile.
Off to the side of the wall is a door to a stair well. Up top is the control center for the Crane system which is connected to a big pipe.
Out if curiosity you fiddle with the controls, causing the pipe to be lifted off of the ground. You pull back another lever to move it again.
The pipe swings gently to wards the exit garage door, before violently swinging towards the crane control station and crashing into the wall.
The Glass cracks and splinters, but holds. The controls are now inoperable. After going back downstairs, you see the mess you made.
The Pipe has shattered into peices and the internal garage door is bent and torn out of shape, leaving a chunk of the wall ripped out.
A ceiling Panel inside the room has visible fallen off, exposing a white tile that can be used to portal inside.

Once inside, you find stacks of turret boxes inside containers, and stacks of broken decommisioned turrets in other containers.
The elevator doors are locked, but there is an exposed panel showing the way to another pipe system. A Frankenturret begs for help. You cannot.
Down in the shaft is an assortment of trash and pipes. You are forced to use broken turrets and cubes to shimmy onto pipes and walk over planks.
You find a Rat Man den covered in paint and littered with trash and canned food. Clearly Aperture brought over their own garbage with them.
Your path leads through a vent that again breaks under your weight and you find yourself even deeper in the sewers.
Past the pipes, the portal panels, and the emancipation grill is a closed gate and a pump system. You access the controls to open the gate.
The gate reveals a walled off room that can only be accessed by portals inside is a dark pipeline leading directly to Blappeture Mesa

END OF PART 2

---------------------------------------------------
BELOW ARE A LIST OF BUGS THAT HAVE YET TO BE FIXED
---------------------------------------------------

-Bug 1 Sometimes the sun just will not render in the opening scene. DONT KNOW WHY.
-Bug 2 Due to the outdoors not being properly optimized, you cannot take any real damage. All deaths are triggered with command prompts.
-Bug 3 If you sprint jump down the hill, you will slide past the Glados Monitor making the cutscene all janky.
-Bug 4 When you activate the elevator too soon, it wont play the sound its supposed to make for the door closing.
-Bug 5 There is an exposed pipe on a pallet in the compound facing up wards. DO NOT ACCIDENTALLY GO INSIDE IT, YOU WILL GET STUCK!
-Bug 6 There is a green death pit that is supposed to destroy whatever falls in, instead they just pile up.
-Bug 7 Objects that fall into the pit get cloned from the pile of trash, but in doubles, resulting in infinite cubes and turrets.
-Bug 8 You're supposed to LOSE the cube and turret to the emancipation grill, but due to poor planning you can turn off the grill first.


----------------
Intended changes
----------------

I hoped to make better special effects for the worm hole going to Earth so it doesnt look like it abruptly stops rendering.
When you wake up there is a twinkle in the sky. This is supposed to be the worm hole collapsing. There wasnt anything better to use. 
The mountain range is currently far more dark in contrast to the sky. I wanted to make the place feel unfamiliar
But I couldnt find the best earth texture to use so I went with ugly rock.
Originally I imported a model of an osprey which is a type of helicopter i placed on the helipad. It used way too make data so i tossed it.
The rocket turrets in Portal 2 are unfortunately not as functional as the ones in Portal 1. They have no animations whatsoever.
They also are NOT gauranteed to cause damage, hence why I used kill triggers and particle effects.
The Power Station among many other elements are made from repuposed game models. Infact there is a LOT of repurposed game models.
I only wished I could have made more actual puzzles for this series. Part 2 is actually the shortest map of all of them.
One of the themes I wanted to implement was that in every map you see a companion cube, but it is always out of reach and on the move.
In this map there is 2 cubes. One stuck in an office, and one in the sewer.

Whatever changes that may occur, the end result here is falling down a pipeline into the darkness, which leads to part 3
