-----------------------------
INTO THE MULTIVERSE PART 6
-----------------------------


This is the first draft of the already available published design of part 6
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
After your rest, the seal door opens in front of you. Walking forward you see there are several sealed doors surrounding you in a hallway.
At the end of the short hall is a waiting room and receptions desk behind a curved glass window. Past the reception area is another sealed door.
The door does not respond to your presence. On you wall next to you a sign reads "Remote activated door." It must be inside the reception room.
You walk around the corner and find the door to the little office. Looking around you find a button affixed to the wall next to the window.
Pressing it, the door opens. You walk back, but before you can reach the door it shuts in front of you. Damn thing must be on a timer.
You make a second attempt, but this time by placing portals by both doors to cut your trip in half. You just barely slip in before it closes.

You see before you a very peculiar elevator. Its just a platform with gaurd rails that slides up a huge unobstructed maintainance shaft.
You board the metal platform and activate the power button. Grinding gears start clanging as you are lifted upwards to a huge ceiling door.
Along the way you see openings along the side leading to several floors. On The first floor you see Rusty on a core rail begging you to stop.
But the elevator keeps moving up. Rusty glides through the rail network to floor two and tries again. The elevator just keeps moving up.
Eventualy Rusty gets fed up. On the last floor, Rusty forcibly removes himself from the rail system by spinning himself until he breaks off.
He flies off and lands on the elevator, just as the ceiling gateway starts to open up above the both of you.

You find yourself inside a massive underground train station. Huge arching metal rings and gantries keep the cavern ceiling stablized.
At one end is a massive titanium seal that looks to be 10 feet thick. The train tracks end before it where a ditch and track elevator rest.
At the opposite end is a terminal suspended over a small tunnel, and above you is a control room connected to the oversized circular gate.
You notice that there is cracks in the glass to the terminal. You look around for something to launch at it. Nearby is a container full of cubes.
Grabbing one, you use your grav gun to punt a metal box at the window. You miss. You punt another. You miss. Another. You miss. Again. You miss.
You grab Rusty and punt him instead, he goes right through the plate glass window. Looking in you see white walls to portal on.
You look at the containers to see one has numerous slabs of white walls awaiting transport. A shot here and there and you are inside the room.
The both of you board a two way elevator to the suspended bridge leading to the control room. There are 3 card reading consoles. UUUUGGGHHH!!

You find nothing in the area, so the only option left is the train tunnel below. Inside you pass by a tall emancipation grid covering the exit.
The tunnel curves off slowly into an even bigger cavern. Before you is a massive mechanical turntable and docking bay for numerous trains.
Each side of the chamber contains a garage for 3 tracks each. In the corner on your left is a concrete tower with stone steps leading inside.
Curious, you step up and are confronted by two orange turrets. A quick Yank and Yeet, and they are dispatched out the window with your grav gun.
At this point turrets are nothing to you anymore... well... except for maybe Rusty. Amid the computers you see a striped card. You pocket it.

In the tower room is a very different control system. Three monitors and a ring of buttons display the status of the all the trains and bridge.
There appears to be only one operational train right now. The others are either broken or blocked. On the other end are storage train cars.
Apparently they were shipping some very dangerous materials. One of them is busted wide open. All that is left is a lone companion cube inside.
You try pressing one of the bridge buttons. A message pops up telling you that the fuse box below the bridge is not currently powered on.
Stepping down you inspect the pit beneath the rotating platform. You find the the fusebox and flip the switch. You hear the hum of electricity.
You look around and realize there is no staircase or ladder to get out of the pit. You look up over the rim of the concrete for white walls.
On the ceiling you see numerous light fixtures suspended from a very large metal grill platform. Illuminated above it is a large white tile.
You portal the ceiling and the inside wall of the bridge pit. Stepping through, you immediately drop onto the grill with a loud KLANG!
Before you could leap off the platform, you overhear the sound of music. On the corner of the platform you see is a radio ontop of a crate.
Beside the crate is a personality core just vibing to the tunes. But whats more odd is next to the radio is a keycard sitting in a bird's nest.
You grab the keycard and leap off the suspended grate back onto solid ground.

Returning to the bridge control tower, you find the controls to the bridge are unlocked. Pressing one of the buttons, a klaxxon siren blares.
The rusty gears start turning and the bridge slowly realigns the tracks to a different set that is connecting to one of the garage terminals.
Heading over to the train, you decide to look around. Rusty the turret calls out to you to bring him along. He is quite persistant with you.
You use the grav function to drag his metal body to you from across the cavern. His legs clip the rail which send him flailing over the garage.
Looks like there are some downsides to having a gravity gun. It's called TERMINAL VELOCITY! But seriously, you should go find where he went.
You look around the back of the garage and find a back entrance leading to where Rusty had fallen. (easter egg) You also find a wedge of cheese?

After retreiving Rus, you inspect the trains. One has been shut down for repairs, and another has been damaged by falling ceilings tiles.
That leaves one train left. You slide the door open to the engine room and check the conductors controls. In front of you is a monitor.
Apparently the train requires a control core to unlock the rest of the console. You grab Rusty and slap him square onto the core recepticle.
He iris swells as electricity surges through the circuit board and digital beeps go off as the engine button lights up. You hit the go button.
The engine to the train starts chugging as the entire box starts moving forward until it makes it way on the bridge where it comes to a stop.
As you open the door to the train, something catches your eye. Or rather someONE. Inside the Bridge Tower is that same deranged woman again.
You need to reset the bridge which means you have to go to the tower. But you really do not want to be anywhere near this woman.

Slowly you walk up to the tower, pass around the back, and slowly inch up the steps. As soon as you peek over the stairs... you see she is gone.
How in the hell? Did she jump out the window? You approach the controls and reset the bridge to align the train to the main tracks.
You look up to see the bridge slowly re-adjust itself. You also see that this blair witch psychopath is standing in the back of the train.
How in the hell does this woman move so fast? Why is she in there? Why is she following you? What the hell does she want from you?
You realize Rusty is still in there, and you likely cannot get very far without him. You can't even get out of the station without the train.
Slowly you walk back to the train, and with great reluctance, you board the train. You slowly peer into the passenger area of the train.
SHE IS FREAKING GONE!!! The windows are intact, there is no other door to the train, no roof exit, nothing. HOW.IN.THE.GOD.DAMN?!!?
This place is haunted, that's all there is to it. You didn't believe in ghosts before, but you sure as hell do now.
You notice inside on one of the seats is the final key card you need. With a deep breathe, you sprint inside to get the card and sprint out.

You slam your fist on the go button and the train begins chugging as it powers down the train tracks through the curved of the tunnel.
As you approach the fizzler, it sweeps through the entire train. The train comes to a crawl before stopping at the massive gate.
You leave the train as immediately as the doors open and make your way back up into the control box suspended from the ceiling.
One by one, You insert each card into their respective slots. One powers up the West conduit, the other powers the east conduit.
The final card lights up the spotlights surrounding the enourmous gate. Gas valves release and pistons starts pumping as the door slowly opens.
Once this huge door opens, the track lift begins to raise upwards. Another track on an axle, hidden from behind the sealed door rotates as well.
Once in place the track are finally completed and the path ahead is clear. You return to the train and slam the go button one last time.

As the train begins to move, and you pass through the huge metal ring surrounding the exit, you sigh in releif. You are out of here.
But your mood is spoiled when the console monitor changes to static. The screen changes to a live feed of the in-universe Glados.
She is only mildly impressed that you managed to get you this far. However she is curious as to why a decommisioned turret is helping you.
Rusty insists that they are trying to protect the human. Glados is far less impressed by that and decides its time for you to die.
A gate at the end of the train tunnel opens up to reveal a docking area for trains making deliveries. A destroyed train blocks your path.
But that is the least of your problems. Flying in the center of the room is a Helicopter core outfitted with several guns.
It begins to fire rockets at the windsheild of the train, shattering the windows. You realize you are not safe and try looking for cover.

Rockets fire relentlessly down around you as you dodge and weave, trying to avoid getting hit. You manage to hide behind a shipping container.
The flying core loses sight of you and starts to search for you. You peak around the corner with your grav gun. The core spots you and fires.
Using your gravity gun, you deflect the rocket by force punching it back at the flying core, nailing it with its own rocket.
The Core struggles to keep itself in the air as it begins to spark and glitch. It re-aligns its sight on you and activates a laserbeam.
You attempt to block the beam with wooden crates, but it cuts them down with ease. You try to run, but the laser slices into your legs.
It keeps tripping you where you stand, preventing you from fleeing. You are forced switch to portal mode in order to escape.
On the other end of the room you fire portal overtop a doorframe, and another under your feet. You drop through and fall behind the other train.
The weaponized core starts trying to find you while you look for the best opportunity to strike. You see there are explosive barrels nearby.
When the core is close and facing away, you throw the barrel into it. It explodes on contact and the core begins to smoke. Now its mad.
It switches to another gun and a hailfire of bullets start to rain down on you. Once again you duck in cover to avoid getting shot.
Those bullets would take down a barrel instantly, so instead you grab a wooden crate. When the core comes around you punt it in its rotar.
The flying core is now on fire and finally fails, resulting in it exploding.

You breath a sigh of releif thinking the threat is neutralized... Until Glados's voice comes on the speaker system and starts mocking you.
She releases another flying core into the room to terrorize you. You grab several crates and quickly duck for cover.
Looks like you are going to be here for awhile.

Eventually you successfully take down as many Weaponized flying cores that Glados can throw at you and still manage to live.
She is not pleased that you survived this attack, but she is already planning on how to kill you next time she sees you.
You retreive Rusty and start looking for an exit. Each of the massive Blappture doors has a broken keypad next to except one.
Rusty helps you by hacking the secondary seal door so you can pass through. Inside is a darkened storage facility and freight elevator.
You enter a nearby office and unlock the elevator. At this point you are very tired. You don't even know where you are going either.
All you know is that you just want to get the hell out of this place. And soon.

END OF PART 6

---------------------------------------------------
BELOW ARE A LIST OF BUGS THAT HAVE YET TO BE FIXED
---------------------------------------------------

-Bug 1 If you are a terrible shot, you can trap Rusty in an area you cannot retreive him in the ceiling and get completely stuck. 
-Bug 2 The train turntable can be set up both forwards and backwards before boarding, but it affects how you rotate it the second time.
-Bug 3 The giant sealed door has pistons that do not animate at all where they are supposed to. Thanks Valve, lol.
-Bug 4 The flying cores animation sequence when being attacked sometimes malfunctions, resulting in it catching fire before its third hit.
-Bug 5 If you hit the core on the third round while its overtop of the train, it will clip through the trains roof when it loses altitude.
-Bug 6 Rusty falls off his core plug before the battle, instead of after it when he is supposed to.

----------------
Intended changes
----------------

Needs models for more keycards, office equipment, terminals, displays, consoles, card readers, train, flying core, etc.
Black Mesa related stuff could be used for radioactive materials in the box cars. Maybe better music for the radio.
The Flying core battle could have better choreography. The laser seems both overpowered yet simultaneously too slow.
The explosive barrels are too sensitive and explode when you grav pull them, so they need to be tweeked with damage filters.

Whatever changes occur, keep the train, the giant seal door, the miniboss concept, and the freight elevator at the end. And glados being glados.