-----------------------------
INTO THE MULTIVERSE PART 3
-----------------------------


This is the first draft of the already available published design of part 3
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You begin where you left off in part 2, falling down a pipe. The pipe takes a sharp turn and you are thrown into a garbage compactor.
In your attempt to get your bearings straight you find you are stuck in a pile of trash. Among the filth you hear a voice calling out.
There sits a poor little broken turret. His head is attached sideways, his rusty panels falling off, and his gun pointing backwards.
He hears you moving around panics, firing his gun directly into the ground. He apologizes for this outburst.
Before you can do or say anything else, you hear a loud noise over a speaker system. The compactor has been activated.
You scramble to find a way out of the trash pile. A Catapult broken catapult comes alive long enough for you to escape.
The Turret begs you to take them with you. You reluctantly oblige, if not just out of pity. You walk up broken beams and into the control room.
You attempt to leave, but the door is prevented from opening blocked by barrels. The compactor finishes crushing, and the controls reset.
After looking around, you see an eluminated vent in the ceiling where the shafts of the compactor pool out from.
The only way up is with the compactor. You Hit the Reset Button and hop on the Compactor before it takes you up.
Once at the top, you see into the vent grill cover where a white bricked up portal panel resides. You drop a portal and leap off the compactor.
After dropping another portal in the control room, you find yourself in a boarded up maintanace room. Someone was hiding out in here.
You notice a mannequin facing opposite of the door and get an idea. You grab the broken rusty turret and face it at the mannequin.
Rusty hastfully pulls out his gun and starts firing, oblivious to the weapon being installed backwards. The bullets break the wooden barrier.

In the next room you discover a Gel Pumping station, but the machinery is under lockdown and cannot be activated without a personality core.
What's worse is that the stair well to the next room is broken and you cannot press forward without the gels, or without a core.
All you have is a busted up turret. Would that even work? You passed security too easily before, you may aswell try it.
You grab Rusty, but they stop you at the emancipation grill. If they pass through they may die. You have no choice, you drag Rusty across.
Miraculously Rusty Lives! The grill must not be programmed for his model. You hook Rusty up to the core plug and the machines boot up.
Gel starts spilling out of the pipe lines aggressively on the platform below. Using all 3 paints, you make your grand escape.

You start using White paint to splatter the floor all over until it reaches under the blue paint pipe. The Blue paints spits intermittently.
When it stops spewing, your white paint coveres over the blue. You quickly place down a portal under the blue pipe, and another on the wall.
Blue paint spills in and out onto a pillar holding up the unbroken stairs. You return to the white paint and start over towards the orange.
When the orange paint ceases, you plaster the spot beneath with white paint and portal it. You plaster the rest of the area in orange paint.
Finally you portal the wall at the end of the mess, and the wall above the stairs. In one gracefull slide, you sprint and bounce over the pit.
Unfortunately You leave Rusty behind you, but who cares. He is just a turret....Right?

You pass a doorway and into a hall. However the doors in this hallway are all locked. There is no way to get through any of them.
One door had a remote locking mechanism, which is controlled by the computers past the door with a broken window.
You fire a portal through the window on the wall and slip right in. But that is when you notice something quite disturbing.
On the camera monitor you can see into the hallway. There is a Woman towering over the Rusty Turret. Why is she there? Where did she come from?
You deactivate the lock and return to the hall. Rusty is glad to see you, but the Woman is nowhere to be seen. Where the hell did she go?
No matter. Rusty awaits for your help, so you carry him, at least so he is out of the way. You find yourself in a turret programming room.
This one seems to be a server room designed to do maintainance on turrets. Rusty notices the dismembered turret hooked up to wires and cables.
He doesn't trust the turret at all and starts firing defensively. You pull him away to quiet him. Why would a turret fire upon other turrets?
Something about this place definitely feels off. Machines work differently, behave differently, So many things are the wrong color.
Even the people creep you out.

You press onward. You take a right turn to find a sealed door under protection by Red Turrets.
Its the only exit out and you can't foolish rush them because there is too many of them. You get that idea again like before.
You place Rusty in front of the plugged turret and fire a portal behind him. He immediately starts firing wildly again.
After returning to the hallway, you drop another portal across from the hall in the server room full of computer towers.
A Hail-fire of bullets flows through the portal and cascade across the turrets faces. They cry in pain before exploding violenty.
This Rusty Turret just might be more helpful to you after all! You pick up his mangled form and continue your journey.

From sealed door after Sealed door, you find yourself in some kind of empty scanner room. But where is the scanner? You place down Rusty.
Suddenly a set of panels open up and a camera pops outward. The camera seems confused as to why there is a dis-shevled bot and a human here.
It scans both of you can pops back into its crevice. Before you the walls suddenly come alive. Tiles and squares move and reorient themselves.
The wall has come apart and formed a passage to an elevator room. Pipes fill the walls from left to right. Some of them are broken.
Others are clogged with trash. One elevator passes by with a companion cube and cake. Huh... must be going to a party i guess.
You walk up to the computer console for the elevators and find only one of the elevators is operational. You select it and activate the tubes.
However someone clearly knows you are here, because the room starts to fill up with poison gas. You get into the elevator, but it wont budged.
Rusty Asks for you to take him with you. You quickly grab him and throw him into the elevator and hop back in. The doors seal shut behind you.

As the elevator moves down, Rusty Regails you of Greek Lore. His words seem out of place, but they serve a greater purpose.

The elevator stops at what appears to be some kind of terminal. It appears to be used by employees to monitor test progress.
Outside one of the windows a Flying Core Spots you. The voice of Cave Johnson fills the room. Looks like he is still alive in this universe.
Apparently he is fully aware that you have invaded their universe and he is none too pleased about it. And Neither is GLADOS!
Turns out Glados has Mobilized herself and armed her chasis with rocket turrets and she is on a manhunt for your interluding ass.
In her anger, she fires upon a chamber and destroys it. She spots you in the terminal with the turret. She could kill you right now.
But something makes her hesitate... Instead she flies off. You hear grinding gears start whirring as a test chamber starts moving towards you.
A big chamber rams into the terminal, breaking the glass. The lights turn on inside revealing the puzzle before you.

You portal your way into the chamber. Rusty once again asks you take him with you. This little fella doesn't like being left all alone.
And neither do you. If you are to survive, you will need all the help you can get. The chamber you find yourself in looks to be full of lasers.
However these lazers appear to be affixed to moving rails. On the floor are buttons which control the lasers movements. 4 buttons, 4 lasers.
But each button moves 2 lasers. The goal appears to try and align them, but not perfectly, because you have to align each one more than once.
After some time, you manage to get them all aligned. Once you turn the lasers on, blue light bidges activate and lead towards the ceiling.
You scale up the electric blue floors and see a hidden portal surface on the pillar of lasers, right under a button. You drop a portal and fall.
Once through, you smack that button. Suddenly the tower collapses into the floor beneath you and the doorway opens up.
You portal yourself to the door and head onwards to the next chamber. You bring Rusty too.

The next chamber is an odd one indeed. Its a hexagon room with a hexagon glass chamber. On either side are glass framed tubes with cubes inside.
However neither cube is reachable, which means you cannot place them on the cube buttons. There is however a pedastal for your gun.
You place down your weapon and it gets taken into the shaft. Suddenly another bigger pedastal pops out of the ground inside the glass chamber.
This one is different than yours. Its got colored stripes on its frame. The same colors as the mounted buttons that stand in front of you.
You press the blue one, and predictabley it fires blue portal beams. The orange one however does something entirely different.
When pressed, the gun changes color and starts making an unfamiliar sound and creates a glowing orb at the base of the muzzle.
When the gun is facing towards the cubes, they suddenly fly out of their glass cages and clash into the bullet proof glass. 
MY GOD! ITS NOT JUST A PORTAL GUN, ITS A GRAVITY GUN TOO? Its a.....Portivity Gun!

It doesn't take long to figure out the puzzle from here. Snatch the boxes, drop them on the buttons. Portalable walls pop up, and you get a gun.
The door to the next test chamber opens up and you head in. This next chamber however is more of a tutorial for using the brand new gun.
Crouching changes modes of the gun, and the weapon yeilds more power than a standard grav gun. The rest is launching objects at targets
Three sets of targets with different levels of difficulty show up out of a pit of acid. Once you destroy them with the supplied Balls, you win.
A Bridge of tiles erupt from the ground and let you pass to the exit. Rusty stares down a turret in the window of the observation room.
When you attempt to exit, the doors shut in front of your face. The turret in the observation room laughs at you. THAT ASSHOLE LOCKED IT!?

You confront the turret from the bridge. There is not much you can do here though but look around. You see opposite of him is another room.
The glass is cracked and weakened. You grab Rusty and point him at the turret in the observation room. He starts firing behind him at the glass.
The window shatters revealing the white walls for you to place portals on. You hop your way in and exit the observation room doors.
Down the hall is another Observation Terminal and an elevator shaft. You and Rusty Hop inside and head on down once more.

END OF PART 3

---------------------------------------------------
BELOW ARE A LIST OF BUGS THAT HAVE YET TO BE FIXED
---------------------------------------------------

-Bug 1 Rusty The Backwards turret sometimes gets his legs stuck on EVERYTHING!! Be careful of how you handle him.
-Bug 2 When soaring across the orange gell to the blue gell bounce pad, you might fly past it entirely. Yes theres a catapult trigger.
-Bug 3 Cameras + monitors + portals = textures and models disappearing when you look into a portal. Disable Monitors to avoid this.
-Bug 4 Even if you paint a turret, the broken peices it explodes into stay white
-Bug 5 Once the escape elevator actually got jammed. to this day i dont know why it happened.
-Bug 6 The portivity gun is just portal gun jerry-rigged with push triggers. They can bypass walls. There is a fix for this in the files.
-Bug 7 Some of the maps come with text prompts for the gun to remind people of how it works. Some maps I forgot to add this.
-Bug 8 The emancipation Grill after the initial Gun Test is not properly visible.
-Bug 9 Someone actually skipped the target test by firing balls at the window and portaling out early...AND THEY KEPT THE BALLS TOO!


----------------
Intended changes
----------------

I wish I could have figured out how, but I wanted to make Rusty's legs fold in when you pick him up and unfold when you place him down.
You will notice in my work that I do not use a single string of code. The only exception is with the image textures and thats it.
I would have liked to be able to create a model of garbage getting absolutely wrecked by the compactor, but nothing actually gets broken.
I did however make it so that if you kill Rusty, You die as well and lose the game. He is essential to your survival and the story.
Many people failed at the gel test and just cheated their way to the next room. This area should be reformatted so its got more room for paint
The Door control room has a computer monitor that corrupts portal functionality. One or the other can be active, but not both.
A simple trigger can be added to enable and disable the screen when approaching it, but it should face away from the portal.
Flying Cave/Wheatley and Flying Glados are just assorted models slapped together. I wish I could have made something more REAL for them.
The laser Test Chamber is my first REAL test. I made lots of garbage test chambers before, but this one was a true winner. Keep its format!
The portivity gun deserves so much more. A better model, better game ui, better controls, better HUD, better everything. I only wish I could.
At the very least I have worked on a version that doesnt super impose its power beyond walls. There is a version in the files.
If it wasn't already obvious you ARE in the facility that was Black Mesa. It should look like it, but with more Aperture elements worked in.
One of the gags i added was Aperture posters with slapped on Blappeture stickers overtop their logo.

Whatever changes that may occur, the end result here is acquiring the Portivity Gun, testing it, and leaving in an elevator with Rusty.
