-----------------------------
INTO THE MULTIVERSE PART 7
-----------------------------


This is the first draft of the already available published design of part 7
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After hitting the call button for the elevator from the storage office, A big door slowly opens outside the window. You grab Rusty and enter.
This elevator is bigger than all the standard personell ones from before. Its big enough to carry an entire truck in it with room to spare.
The elevator stops. Another door at the opposite end of the one you entered opens up to a reveal another loading dock of equipment.
As you exit the freight elevator, you suddenly hear Glados over the PA system delivering a rehearsed and scripted welcome greeting.
She cuts herself off when she sees who has arrived before the security cameras overlooking the both of you. She doesnt hesitate to insult you.
Rusty reflexively fires their gun to spite her. You barely know THIS Glados, but given that she tried to have you murdered, it feels deserved.

You access the control for the large door ahead of you from inside the office in the corner. While doing so you notice an email on the computer.
It turns out this entire wing of the facility is under lockdown due to the lambda labs materials research experiments being called off.
You press onwards, passing through to another lab hub. This time Glados appears on the monitors hovering above the receptionary desk.
She doesnt have anything nice to say to you. You try accessing the computers at the desk, but Glados just tells you to knock it off.
Looking around, you see 3 other doors at the hub. One is blocked off by a large crate full of explosive barrels, which you cannot budge.
You attempt the door on the left instead.

Passing through an airlock, you find yourself in a wing of new and highly experimental devices and machines that are under testing.
The first is an oversized Rubix Cube. Glados cant help but show off the tests on the PA system. Weird, since she is trying to kill you.
The second test is a stable black hole held in place by gravity regulators. You can feel the pull of it when stand near it. Best to leave it.
The third test is a suspended frame. Activating a button results in 6 dimensional fields to appear creating an infinite void of nothingness.
The fourth test is a miniature remote activated pellet dispensor. The dispensor fires them into a micron portal device and into a target.
You attempt to redirect the pellets with portals, but new targets keep replacing old broken ones and blocking the portal field.
The fifth test is just some dumb remote controlled robot made out of a ball. Who would ever care to make such a silly dumb thing?

The last test in the corner just has some dispensors. Two of them drop in wooden targets, one of a man, the other of a turret for some reason.
The third dispensor however releases a red core drone. This one however is automated and has jet engines. The core looks around curiously.
Once it catches sight of one of the targets, it violently flies into it and with several beeps it explodes! This gives you an idea.
You place down a portal in the test chamber, then return to the crate of barrels and place Rusty on top of it. You then portal back to the test.
Once activating the dispensor, another flying bomb core is released into the chamber. You grab it and hop through the portal to the hub.
Switching to gravity mode, you punt the bomb to the opposite side of the room and then hide in the portal. The core eventually stabilizes itself.
Once it catches Rusty in its sights, it charges them and explodes! The crate of explosives is destroyed. Miraculously Rusty survives the blast.
This malformed bucket of bolts has survived more than it should be able to for a lopsided bullet popper.

The door, now unobstructed attempts to open but gets jammed. Glados scolds you for breaking it. Luckily you can just portal through the gap.
Around the bend and past an airlock, you find yourself in a very dark and very large room. You activate your flashlight to light the way.
You see metal walkways, gantries, scaffolds, and massive cyclinder tanks hooked to wires and cables. You also see another core rail and plug.
Glados demands that you DO NOT plug that rust bucket into it.... You plug that rust bucket into it. She gives a defeated "..oh"
Rusty activates their light and you proceed to look around. You can see staircases overhanging the tankards leading over to the other side.
As you find your way around, Glados chastizes you for what you may or may not be up to. YOU dont even know what you are up to.... yet!
At the far end of the room, eluminated by a sole light is a target on a white wall. It is however inaccessible to you right now.
You notice however a large observation deck looming over the massive machinery. You can just barely see a sillouhette of a person inside.
You find an elevator behind another airlock. Rusty decides to wait for you as they want to look around some more.

Up to the next level you find a dank office space gaurded by a lone orange turret, which you throw into the fizzler almost immediately.
While passing through the area, you find a box of discs. Surely this will be useful somewhere. In the next room is a huge computer terminal.
You see a disc reader, but without power it cannot read the disc. You look around some more until you are suddenly stopped in your tracks.
Straight ahead of you, you see HER!! That psychopathic woman that has been stalking you, standing in the observation room looking outwards.
Perhaps you can get the drop on her. If you can apprehend her and find out what the hell she wants with you. You slowly step forward quietly.
Just as you get close, your flashlight flickers. In the dark you hear the window shatter. When the light returns the woman is gone again.
You feel your heart racing again inside your chest. You hate being here and you hate almost feeling like you are going to die in this place.
A metallic sliding noise fills the air as Rusty slowly glides into view outside the window. They glide down to the target down below.

The only way to go from here is down. You portal to the upright white plank of wood. Once stepping through get a facefull of pellet dispensor.
The dispensor is however inactive. You realize this huge chamber is much like the one from the earlier test room, only far far bigger now.
Whilst looking around, you find a fusebox with a single lever. When you flip it, the whole room lights up and electricity fills the air.
Gas cylinders start steaming, generators start sparking, and every other wierd machine starts humming. More importantly, the computers upstairs.
You return to the big terminal full of computers and find the disc player is now active. You pop in the disc immediately. A big tv lights up.
On the screen is a set of readings indicating which devices are now online. One of them however does not appear to be active just yet.
Suddenly you hear a door unlock behind you. A sign indicates it leads to a related test room.

Curiously, you check out the next room. Before you is a fizzler, you walk through without thinking about it but you suddenly feel something.
In your hand, your portivity gun suddenly discombobulates, it evaporates, disintegrates, it falls to peices and turns to dust before your eyes.
Well that sure as hell is not ideal! How in the goddamn are you going to get around this place? And how are you going to defend yourself?
Its not like they just have weaponized portal guns just lying around for anyone to take them you know.

You notice in the room before you is a single button, pressing it results in a robot arm descending from the ceiling, carrying a new portal gun.
As you watch the automated test showcase the weapon, glados chastises you. You watch the gun showcase its portals, firing two holes in the wall.
Then it switches modes to gravity and grabs a companion cube. It chucks it through the portal and out the other end. Then a monitor lights up.
It's showing a live feed to the room with the massive machinery and pellet dispensor. The gun suddenly changes to a newer third mode!
Several robot arms drop in wooden targets. On the monitor, the dispensor fires a pellet at a remote activated micro-sized portal apparatus.
That same pellet then bursts out of the guns nozzel and at the targets in the room. The Weapon charges and remote detonates the red glowing orbs!
You DESPERATELY WANT THAT GUN!!!

Your exitement is interupted by Glados turning on the neurotoxin in the room. Looks like you are screwed here. No way out of this one!
But Wait! The monitor fills with static and rusty appears on screen. You hear that same glorious hacking noise on the network again.
The Gun on the stand turns to face the window and fires a single pellet at the glass and detonates it, shattering the glass before you.
Leaping through the opening, you leap towards the robot arm and grab the PORTIVITY COMBO GUN! You pop off a few rounds just for the feel of it.
Power never tasted this good. You turn to the window to make your way out, but big industrial strength shutters close overtop the opening.
Glados laughs at you. She is not finished with you in the slightest. In the corner of the room a tube dispenses Flying Bomber Cores.
Looks like Glados intends to paint the walls red with your blood. Luckily you are armed and dangerous too.

Dodging and weaving, you evade the bombs, punting them and portaling them, and blowing them up to smitherines with your explosive pellets.
Eventually Glados runs out of cores to throw at you... again. Still, though you are trapped in this room with no way out whatsoever.
Without warning, the lights black out. Even Glados is caught off gaurd by the darkness. The shutter behind you opens up thanks to Rusty.
You make your escape and return from where you entered. You grab Rusty on your way out and re-enter the hub. There is only one door left here.
Passing through the airlock, you find yourself in a long stretch of a tunnel. Suspended in the middle on a railway is a passenger train.
The train is filled with turrets who all get a lock on you and start firing their weapons. You duck behind a crate before your blood is spilled.
Once the turrets hold their fire, you drop out from cover and scatter several pellets into the train car full of turrets and detonate them.
The turrets explode, causing the train to derail and fall off of its railing and into a pit of acid that lines the belly of the tunnels.

You see across from you is another entrance. You portal across thanks to the planks in the nearby storage crates. You enter the gateway.
Inside is another darkened room, this one with a sealed door that is not entirely closed, but with a small enough gap to portal inside of.
Dropping inside you light up your flashlight and look around. You see all manner of electrical fuses. It appears to be a power station.
Amid the wires is a console. Activating it makes a big round Blappeture port light up and open to reveal a large core receptical and fusebox.
You pick up Rusty and attach him to the receptical. Their eye lights up and the receptical pulls him inside as the seal closes up.
Power is eventually brought back online as electricity flows through the train network again. Rusty assures you that they will see you again.

You return to the train tunnel and see a car arrive on the opposite platform. Portaling across, you board the train and take the front seat.
The train cart starts moving along the rails. Up ahead is a gigantic seal door which slowly opens up before you. You can see the outside.
Like the actual blue sky and the birds and green grass. The cart passes through and turns to another gate where it re-enters the facility.
That was short lived. Eventually the trains stops at another platform. You get off and access the panel to open the gate before you.
Inside is a familiar scene of a storage room, much like the one from earlier. But this one has an different elevator in the corner.
Ahead from you is another large door, but this one is blocked off by a group of poorly constructed wooden barricade. You enter the room.
Up along a different rail system, a robot arm pulls up a turret which begins firing upon you. You quickly fire a pellet and destroy it.
The arm descends and returns with a new turret which begins firing upon you. You dispatch that one too. The arm returns with another once again.
This is getting old, fast. In the breif window the arm descends, you break the barricades one by one, while fending off delivered turrets.

Once inside, you find yourself in a longer midway point between doors. As you move forward, the door behind you abruptly closes and locks.
Two big panels drop down to reveal a fizzler. It begins to slide across railways from one end of the hallway to the other so it can scan you.
As it makes it pass and returns, you hear a loud rejectatory buzzer. The fizzler changes modes and becomes a deadly lazer field instead.
It begins to sweep towards you. You notice a gap on the floor large enough so you can portal the ground. You drop down and up on the other side.
The lazer grid stops at the opposite end and begins to make its return. You realize that the grid wont stop passing until you are dead.
Your only choice is to disable the sliding laser grid altogether. You switch to weapon mode and fire pellets at the grid and explode the fizzler.
And you are trapped again. This sure is your favorite thing to do, isn't it.

Above you, a panel slides out and Rusty appears on a railing. With a beep and a boop, Rus hacks the doorway and opens it for you.
You begin to wonder how this little oval tin machine built for delivering death is capable of navigating and hacking like this... oh well.
Rusty disconnects from the rail and drops to the ground. Picking him up, you move to the next room. Towering over you is a massive door.
you see a light coming from a control room for the door. You punt Rusty through the window and portal yourself inside the computer room.
Accessing the dual control buttons, you activate the enormous doors which slowly open up. On the other side is a diagonal elevator lift.
Grabbing Rusty, you board the lift and head up to the upper levels. Along the way Glados heckles you. She is beginning to get very annoying.
At the top of the lift, you make your way through to a more complex airlock. Sterilization gas begins to fills the room to clean the air.
Glados speaks of a test chamber up ahead where not even she can keep an eye on you. You are uncertain if that is a good thing.

END OF PART 7

---------------------------------------------------
BELOW ARE A LIST OF BUGS THAT HAVE YET TO BE FIXED
---------------------------------------------------

-Bug 1 The rubix cube scrambles when the map loads, but it does this no matter where you reload. You can save and die to witness this happen.
-Bug 2 The blackhole easter egg has a piece of paper coming out of it, but on spawn it is not initially invisible like its supposed to be.
-Bug 3 On higher graphics settings, the 6 dimensional void breaks the boundries of its container for unknown reasons.
-Bug 4 The Flying bomber core is made of multiple parts, so it clips and goes invisible temporarily when being portaled.
-Bug 5 When Rusty is not firing his weapon (because he is technically disabled) he is functionally indestructable. Consider this a feature!
-Bug 6 If you smash the window before meeting chell, the smash sound still plays when approaching her for the window scene.
-Bug 7 Due to parts being moved, calibration for the robot arm is offset making it not actually fire the cube through the portal.
-Bug 8 Its rare but sometimes the cores do not fly, get lodged in the tube, and leave you stuck entirely in the miniboss scene.
-Bug 9 The pellets from your gun can explode eachother. If you detonate them wrong, a chain reaction can make them explode in your face.
-Bug 10 The turrets on the train wont always explode when you blow up the train. I never witnessed this, but someone mentioned it.
-Bug 11 The music for the fizzler wont stop if you smash them before they change into lazer mode. This is because of a relay mishap.
-Bug 12 Due to the overbearing data, the load time of the map is long and the pause screen gets corrupted. Its still somehow playable.
----------------
Intended changes
----------------

Need new model for the new portivity gun, the train, the massive pellet machinery, the flying bomber core, etcetera. More Black Mesa content.
The train tunnel definitely needs overhauling. I suspect thats the cause of the glitch. I am not good at optimization whatsoever.
I feel like the bomber core should face away from you when you grab it. And the miniboss room should have multiple cores to be more challenging.

Whatever changes may be, keep the Portivity Combo gun and coorilating pellet dispensor. Also that Rubix cube is a legitimate work of art.
Keep the train, and the BB8 test, Chell has to show up somewhere, and maybe keep the diagonal lift.